Add GraphQL DataLoader BBEs (#4776)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/graphql-dataloader/graphql_dataloader.md

> # GraphQL service - Dataloader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GraphQL service - Dataloader
```
Check if `dataloader` is two words or one word.

Reviewer 2: Should be `DataLoader`, as per the [original DataLoader documentation](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader).

> The Ballerina GraphQL module provides the capability to batch and cache data fetching from data sources using the `garaphql.dataloader` submodule. To leverage this functionality in a GraphQL service, users must register dataloaders through the `graphql:Context` object and implement the corresponding prefetch method logic and resolver logic. By using `garaphql.dataloader`, users can efficiently avoid frequent data fetching, effectively addressing the GraphQL N+1 problem.

Reviewer 2: We have to add a brief description for the prefetch method here as well.

Author: We have added an explanation in the code comment. Do we need to repeat it here ?

Reviewer 2: The description itself should be self-sufficient.

Author: Updated with [c6fac31](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/4776/commits/c6fac31fa7a1cad15bf701033ca7e9ba732d5e7d)

> The Ballerina GraphQL module provides the capability to batch and cache data fetching from data sources using the `graphql.dataloader` submodule. To leverage this functionality in a GraphQL service, users must register data loaders through the `graphql:Context` object and implement the corresponding prefetch method logic and resolver method logic. A prefetch method, in the context of Ballerina GraphQL, is a method that is invoked before the actual resolver method. By default, the prefetch method name follows the convention of the prefix `pre`, followed by the resolver method name. The use of `graphql.dataloader` helps users avoid excessive data fetching, effectively addressing the GraphQL N+1 problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina GraphQL module provides the capability to batch and cache data fetching from data sources using the `graphql.dataloader` submodule. To leverage this functionality in a GraphQL service, you must register data loaders through the `graphql:Context` object and implement the corresponding pre-fetch method logic and resolver method logic. A pre-fetch method in the context of Ballerina GraphQL, is a method that is invoked before the actual resolver method. By default, the pre-fetch method name follows the convention of having the prefix `pre` followed by the resolver method name. The use of the `graphql.dataloader` avoids excessive data fetching, effectively addressing the GraphQL N+1 problem.
```
- Check if it is correct to use `batch` as a verb in the first sentence.
- This paragraph is also too long. Consider breaking it into multiple sentences.

::: code graphql_dataloader.bal :::

Run the service by executing the following command.

::: out graphql_dataloader.server.out :::

Send the following document to the GraphQL endpoint to test the service.

::: code graphql_dataloader.graphql :::

To send the document, execute the following cURL command in a separate terminal.

::: out graphql_dataloader.client.out :::

## Related links
- [`garaphql.dataloader` module - API documentation](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/graphql.dataloader/latest)

> - [DataLoader - Specification](/spec/graphql/#106-dataloader)

Author: DataLoader, as per the [original DataLoader documentation](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader).

> - [Utilizing Multiple DataLoaders in a GraphQL Service](/spec/graphql/#example-utilizing-multiple-dataloaders-in-a-graphql-service)

Author: Updated

::: code graphql_dataloader.bal :::

Run the service by executing the following command.

::: out graphql_dataloader.server.out :::

Send the following document to the GraphQL endpoint to test the service.

::: code graphql_dataloader.graphql :::

To send the document, execute the following cURL command in a separate terminal.

::: out graphql_dataloader.client.out :::

## Related links
- [`garaphql.dataloader` module - API documentation](https://lib.ballerina.io/ballerina/graphql.dataloader/latest)
- [The `BatchLoadFunction` - Specification](/spec/graphql/#106211-the-batchloadfunction)
- [DataLoader API - Specification](/spec/graphql/#1061-dataloader-api)
- [The DefaultDataLoader - Specification](/spec/graphql/#1062-the-defaultdataloader)
- [Engaging DataLoaders - Specification](/spec/graphql/#1063-engaging-dataloaders)
- [The `prefetch` Method - Specification](/spec/graphql/#10633-define-the-corresponding-prefetch-method)

> - [Utilizing Multiple DataLoaders in a GraphQL Service](/spec/graphql/#example-utilizing-multiple-dataloaders-in-a-graphql-service)

Reviewer 2: We don't need all these links here. (most of them are just subtopics under the same topic). Let's just add the DataLoader section link and maybe the dataloader config (annotation) section link.

Author: We don't have a dataloader config annotation now. Will update with the DataLoader section link
